In the last lecture you have seen how you can conditionally show a relationship only when this relationship
is being loaded.
And now let's see how we can add some data to particular resource depending on some condition.
So let's say that we have our API here which displays the information about the outer of the comment
but it only displays that I.D. and a name.
So if the user that is being called dedicated is an admin you might want to also display an email of
this users through the API.
So I cannot really show you that exact working example of that because we haven't worked on a real API
yet nor we don't handle that out indication inside this API so notice that I'm only creating this end
point inside a normal controller that is inside the web roots.
So we'll handle creating our specific API endpoints later which will also include authentication but
just so you can see right now how this works.
Let's go to this comment user and include a field called email which should only be serialized if certain
condition is true so we can achieve that using this when and the first parameter that you have to pass
is a condition that will evaluate to abolish one which means true or false.
So let's just put a true constant here because if you would like to check for user you would do of using
the alpha seed which you would have to import here.
So mind this import that was added of user which would give you the currently authenticated user which
then has is admin attribute.
And then the second field is either the value which you can do as this email or you can the closure
here that will return something.
So this actually won't work right now because we are not authenticated through this API because for
every request we get a new cookie all of the lot of the session.
So this will display error unfortunately because the user is not an object.
So we are not how authenticated here.
So let's do a simpler example right now and just make this a constant.
So set true.
So now you can see that every user now has an email included.
And if you will set this to false that you may won't be included.
So we'll handle creating API a proper way to be in accordance with how Lara is suggesting to do that
in the next section.
So just so you know this is how you can conditionally decide which attributes should be serialized or
not depending on some additional factors.